# AI Generated Restaurant Descriptions

I used the descriptions of the World's 50 Best restaurants as input and leveraged the gpt-2-simple notebook in colaboratory to generate restaurant descriptions. The results are outputted in the .txt files. A few notes:

### temperature=0.7
somewhat believable menu items, locations are inconsistent

### Sample Output
Innovative cuisine in stunning surrounds with sustainability at the heart Unique selling point: Andre Baranowski is a champion of the New Anatolian Kitchen, where he transforms traditional and ‘noble’ products with a blend of new and ancient techniques. His menu includes everything from Anatolian raw milk cheeses to north Aegean octopus and Iskenderun prawns with 65-degrees egg. What about a nightcap? A meal at Mikla is not complete without a trip to the top of the Marmara Pera hotel to sample one of the cocktails at the rooftop bar. Not only is the unmissable 360 views of Istanbul, there’s also a DJ playing mellow tunes and a lively crowd of locals and international gastronomes.Images: Mecit Gülaydin, Karos What makes it special? Consistently rated one of the best restaurants in Istanbul, Mikla offers the full package of great service and exceptional food in a stunning location. With one of the finest views in the world, Mikla’s dining room has an outdoor terrace from which guests can look over the Bosphorus to see a glimpse of both Asia and Europe. About the chef: Mehmet Gürs was credited as one of the cooks leading the change in Istanbul’s restaurant scene when he returned from the US to open his first restaurant in 1996. Aside from Mikla, he is also chef and partner at 18 restaurants and cafes including the Numnum casual restaurant chain, Italian eatery Trattoria Enzo and the Kronotrop coffee bar and roastery. What’s on the menu: Gürs is a champion of the New Anatolian Kitchen, where he transforms traditional and ‘noble’ products with a blend of new and ancient techniques. His menu includes everything from Anatolian raw milk cheeses to north Aegean octopus and Iskenderun prawns with 65-degrees egg. What about a nightcap? A meal at Mikla is not complete without a trip to the top of the Marmara Pera hotel to sample one of the cocktails at the rooftop bar. Not only is the unmissable 360 views of Istanbul, there’s also a DJ playing mellow tunes and a lively crowd of locals and international gastronomes.

The ultimate in classic French cuisine What’s it all about: Traditional maison de grâce is made from a blend of Conectáz, a Mexican restaurant in Santiago, and Pía León’s Alajmo restaurant, Pujol. Both places offer free Wi-Fi access, with one serving dishes that are considered 'antique.' León’s menu changes constantly throughout the year to reflect the finest produce of each season. Among the many highlights are the grilled ayu (sweetfish) in summer; matsutake mushrooms with Wagyu beef from Kagawa in early autumn; matsubagani crabs from November to December; and wild torafugu blowfish in the winter months.  What makes it special: Though mostly located in Santiago’s Soto de Can Roca district, a number of dishes are served at the beautiful spot just steps away. Among the many highlights are the grilled ayu (sweetfish) in summer; matsutake mushrooms with Wagyu beef from Kagawa in early autumn; matsubagani crabs from November to December; and wild torafugu blowfish in the winter months.  Why visit: Though mostly located in Santiago’s Soto de Can Roca district, a number of dishes are served at the beautiful spot just steps away. Among the many highlights are the grilled ayu (sweetfish) in summer; matsutake mushrooms with Wagyu beef from Kagawa in early autumn; matsubagani crabs from November to December; and wild torafugu blowfish in the winter months. Why visit: Though mostly located in Santiago’s Soto de Can Roca district, a number of dishes are served at the beautiful spot just steps away. Among the many highlights are the grilled ayu (sweetfish) in summer; matsutake mushrooms with Wagyu beef from Kagawa in early autumn; matsubagani crabs from November to December; and wild torafugu blowfish in the winter months. Why visit: Though mostly located in Santiago’s Soto de Can Roca district, a number of dishes are served at the beautiful spot just steps away. Among the many highlights are the grilled ayu (sweetfish) in summer; matsutake mushrooms with Wagyu beef from Kagawa in early autumn; matsubagani crabs from November to December; and wild torafugu blowfish

### temperature=0.8
repetative, less logicl flow, keeps name dropping pujol??
lots of mentions of truffle season
food sounds bizarre

### Sample Output
This is the restaurant that introduced the term ‘essence food'?,' Karosz said. Khosla’s philosophy is unique,'s his restaurant, which allows diners to experience Latin America’s culinary resurgence through a visual art form. The dining room is made from prefabricated cardboard, with tiny staples such as bread, pasta or rice sticking to the surface. The result is a display that’s ‡appears’ to be modern’s most essential ingredient: vegetable-rich broth. It's followed by a celebration of milk-fed lamb comprising leg tartare with quince and black truffle, saddle with pickles, and cutlet and collar with a sage fritter.Some background: Caminada was long a fixture in the restaurant’s presence, but it was Get There’s lack of interest in delivering expensive wine that propelled the restaurant to the top of the New York Metropolitan area’s culinary list in 2017.More on the food: “Complexity, but not complicated,” is how the chef describes his deceptively simple dishes. 'Absolute of onion,' for example, is an intense roasted onion with saffron accompanied by pasta 'buttons' filled with Parmigiano cheese. Another creation involves roasting savoy cabbage and ripening it for weeks in foil, before serving slices with a cabbage sauce and star anise distillate on a potato emulsion.The chef: Romito studied economics and wanted to work in finance, but changed direction in 2000, setting up Reale in the family trattoria with his sister Cristiana, who oversees the front of house operation.What’s the vibe? Housed in a monolithic glass cube in Vienna’s Stadtpark, Reale’s design may be super-modern but the interior speaks a recognisable language of international fine dining. It’s a bright, tranquil vision of wood, concrete and starched white table linen.Typical dishes: Reale’s signature says everything you need to know about his outlook, being equal parts culinary theatre, precise technique and obvious reverence of local ingredients. The freshwater mountain fish, char, is cooked at the table in hot beeswax before being returned on a plate with yellow carrot, pollen and sour cream.What else? While the tasting menu is, undoubtedly, the best

Inventive, artistic Italian dishes matched with superb wines in truffle country What to expect: A taste of Piemonte, one of the finest food and wine regions of the world, through the sharply focused culinary lens of Enrico Crippa, now firmly established as among Italy’s most creative chefs. Diners can select from the à la carte options, or choose from three tasting menus, one of which focuses specifically on the local Langhe region, while the others are more wide-ranging (while still distinctively Italian). During white truffle season, tables are at even more of a premium than usual. More about the chef: Crippa opened Piazza Duomo in 2005 with the backing of the Ceremony, a 30-day celebration commemorating the city’s centaur.  When: Saturday, May 22

Delicious Mexican cuisine from one of the hottest young chefs in the US Reasons to visit Cosme: Even before former US President Barack Obama had the good sense to add it to his dining list, Cosme was already one of the hippest places to eat in New York City. With a buzzing but relaxed vibe and exquisite food and service, it is as much a special occasion restaurant as a place to visit time and time again. Modern Mexican: Founded by Mexican chef Enrique Olvera and his business partners Santiago Perez and Santiago Gomez, Cosme has been run by young cook Daniela Soto-Innes since soon after it opened in 2014. While the menu takes some inspiration from Olvera’s flagship Pujol in Mexico City, many of the dishes were created by Soto-Innes, including her signature duck carnitas and must-try corn husk meringue dessert. A mezcal for every occasion: It wouldn’t be a product of Olvera if it didn’t serve mezcal, so of course there’s a bar and bar area with an extensive mezcal menu and a fun vibe. Girl power: Soto-Innes prides herself on having a kitchen staff that is 50% female, 50% male, with a mix of nationalities from all over the US, Latin America and beyond. She champions women, including her sous chef and pastry chef, and runs a relaxed kitchen, often with music, dancing and pre-service warm-up exercises. The chef won a James Beard Rising Star Award in 2016 at age 25. Other ventures: Olvera and Soto-Innes opened more casual Mexican restaurant Atla in New York in 2017. They’re currently working on a restaurant based on Cosme and Pujol in Los Angeles.Images: Kelt T Reasons to visit Cosme: Even before former US President Barack Obama had the good sense to add it to his dining list, Cosme was already one of the hippest places to eat in New York City. With a buzzing but relaxed vibe and exquisite food and service, it is as much a special occasion restaurant as a place to visit time and time again. Modern Mexican: Founded by Mexican chef Enrique Olvera and his business partners Santiago Perez and Santiago Gomez, Cosme has been run by young cook Daniela Soto-Innes since soon after it opened in 2014. While the

### temp=1
loses logical flow
keeps saying people were "destined to be a diplomat"????

### Sample Output
“Though originally conceived as a lab experiment, Hasegawa has quickly come to be recognised as one of the most visionary leaders in experimentalist cooking in modern times. Having apprenticed under Josep Vallejo at the Plaza hotel, Hasegawa opened The Rodal restaurant in 1999, turning vegetables into wine and becoming adept at integrating them with dishes. His first outing as co-owner was the now-famous saffron, which was later substituted for fish in The World’s 50 Best Restaurants.Typical dishes: Traditional Russian produce like borodinsky black bread marries luxe ingredients like caviar to create innovative dishes. Standouts include rabbit and truffle muffin wrapped with caviar, and truffle liver cooked in caviar clay – a common snack for the Russian kitchen.Down the rabbit hole: As the name may suggest, the restaurant whimsically embraces an Alice In Wonderland theme – think lots of rabbits and rococo furniture… so be sure not to be late for your very important dinner date.Served with a side of scenic: The restaurant’s glass dome provides diners with a spectacular 360-degree view of the beautiful city of Moscow.

Inventive, artistic Italian dishes matched with superb wines in truffle country What to expect: A taste of Piemonte, one of the finest food and wine regions of the world, through the sharply focused culinary lens of Enrico Crippa, now firmly established as among Italy’s most creative chefs. Diners can select from the à la carte options, or choose from three tasting menus, one of which focuses specifically on the local Langhe region, while the others are more wide-ranging (while still distinctively Italian). During white truffle season, tables are at even more of a premium than usual. More about the chef: Crippa opened Piazza Duomo in 2005 with the backing of the Ceretto family, themselves pioneers in the region’s winemaking resurgence of recent decades. A quiet and supremely dedicated professional, he trained and worked extensively in Europe and Japan and was mentored by the late great Italian chef Gaultiero Marchesi. Highlights: The restaurant’s most famous dish is the Salad 21, 31, 41, 51, which incorporates a cornucopia of leaves, herbs and vegetables, the precise number and make-up of which changes according


se a picnic table from the showy wooden benches, which are made from Conectáz (cereal) or lezón (concerted music, whimsical dishes). Who’s at the stove: Spanish chef and patron saint of modern Peruvian cuisine Gastón Acurio is at the helm of a dining room full of mesmerising artefacts – including artefacts that look like artefacts from the Aztecs. What’s on the menu: Acurio and his team offer a six-course and an eight-course tasting menu, each starting with the restaurant’s homemade bread, local produce or the local wine. The rest of the menu might include anything from the chef’s signature cauliflower ravioli and kid goat liver to tripe cooked in wild duck jus or ‘dirty’ cuttlefish with sea salad. A family affair: Hisa Franko is actually a big house in the countryside where Ros and Ros Aventador live; work in the industry, what’s at the heart of Ros’s cooking is her passion for cooking. She taught herself to cook and now she’s fully committed to the restaurant. She left home at 19 and spent eight years cooking for lower-profile chefs, including one embarking on a four-course menu that included a tartané duck with sea salad and a marron with quinces and black truffle. In time, he left for a stint at René Redzepi’s Noma and opened La Napoule in Cuzco and Anthonyet’s Mateu restaurant in Cuzco and Piazza Duomo in Cuzco and Santiago de Chile in 2014.  What makes it special: All areas are finely tuned at La Napoule, starting with the most recent menu, a tribute to Lima. Star dishes served à la carte or as part of the tasting menu include Peking-style guinea pig bao, grilled octopus with a pseudo-cereal salad and lucuma gnocchi. Chef patron Gastón – who picked up the 2018 Diners Club Lifetime Achievement Award – and his team have taken home a cluster of accolades over the years, ranking first in the inaugural Latin America’s 50 Best Restaurants list in 2013, the Art of Hospitality Award in 2017 and Latin America’s Best Pastry Chef for Gutsche in 2015. The

The compact and elegant restaurant sits in the stunning surrounds of the Soça Valley and has drawn visitors to Slovenia from all over the world. About the chef: Ros was destined to be a diplomat, having completed a degree in international diplomatic studies, before she met her husband Valter Kramar and agreed to take over his family’s restaurant with him. She taught herself to cook and now specialises in intricately made ravioli and dishes that focus on produce from within a few kilometres of Hisa Franko. On the menu: Ros and her team offer a six-course and an eight-course tasting menu, each starting with the restaurant’s homemade bread, local butter and Kramar’s own cheese lollipops. The rest of the menu might include anything from the chef’s signature cauliflower ravioli and kid goat liver to tripe cooked in wild duck jus or ‘dirty’ cuttlefish with sea salad. A family affair: Hisa Franko is actually a big house in the countryside where Ros and Kramar live with their two children, Svit and Eva Klara. In addition to making the Tolmin cheese on the premises, sommelier Kramar also serves the wine from his extensive collection.Images: Suzan Gabrijan Where have you heard that name before? Chef Ana Ros put Slovenia on the gastronomic map after being voted The World’s Best Female Chef in 2017 and starring in her own episode of Netflix’s cult series, Chef’s Table. Pronounced Hi-sha Franko, the restaurant is located in the stunning surrounds of the Soça Valley and has drawn visitors to Slovenia from all over the world. About the chef: Ros was destined to be a diplomat, having completed a degree in international diplomatic studies, before she met her husband Valter Kramar and agreed to take over his family’s restaurant with him. She taught herself to cook and now specialises in intricately made ravioli and dishes that focus on produce from within a few kilometres of Hisa Franko. On the menu: Ros and her team offer a six-course and an eight-course tasting menu, each starting with the restaurant’s homemade bread, local butter and Kramar’s own cheese lollipops. The rest of the menu might include anything from the chef’s signature cauliflower ravioli
